[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hey there, Polycasters.
It's Rob here.
Today on the show I want
to talk about performance.
As web developers, one of
the things that we often
do when we're about to
deploy a site to production
is we take all of our
scripts, all of our styles,
and we concatenate them
together to cut down
on costly HTTP requests.
Now, if you're working with
something like Polymer and Web
Components, it's important to
remember to also concatenate
your definitions for
Web Components as well,
because those count
as HTTP requests, too.
So today, what I want to
show you is a tool that we've
created called
Vulcanize, which you
can use to cut down
on those HTTP requests
and make sure your Polymer apps
are as performant as possible.
Now, before I get
into any of that,
I first want to show
you kind of the impact
that Vulcanize can
have on your app.
So what I've got here
is over in the terminal,
I'm just going to run
Polymer Starter Kit.
I'm going to use its development
server that comes with it.
So I'm going to run gulp
serve to boot this up.
And I haven't done anything
to this project yet.
It's just a fresh checkout
of Polymer Starter Kit.
So we see that sort
of starting page.
And when we open
the Dev Tools-- so
if we go to the Network panel
and we refresh to load up
our app, we can go
down to the corner
there and see that this
application is currently
making 65 HTTP requests for
that one simple page, which
is quite a lot.
Now, if you look kind of
up at the top of this,
you'll notice that it
lists these files here,
like iron-fit-behavior.html
and polymer-micro.html.
Those are all of our Web
Component definitions
being fetched individually.
So let's see if we
can cut down on this
using a tool like Vulcanize.
So this is the same example
again, but this time,
I'm going to run
gulp serve:dist.
This is our distribution server.
It's going to run
Vulcanize for us.
It's going to take
all of those imports
and concatenate them together.
And now when I go to the Network
panel and check things out,
you'll notice that we've
gone from 65 requests down
to just 14 requests
for this application.
So that is a huge,
huge difference.
You can imagine, if you
were building a massive app
with hundreds of
elements inside of it,
you would definitely want
that sort of performance
boost that Vulcanize
would give you.
So how do we do this?
Well, there's two
ways to run Vulcanize.
You can either run it
from the command line,
or you can integrate
it in your build
process using a tool like Gulp.
So I'll start off by showing
you the command-line version,
and then we'll switch
over to using Gulp.
To start off with
the command line,
you just want to
run npm install -g
to do a global
install of Vulcanize.
So we'll pull down Vulcanize.
And this is going to
make the Vulcanize binary
available to us from
the command line.
So we could just type
vulcanize whenever we want.
It'll process the file for us.
[HUMMING]
OK.
So we've got Vulcanize
installed now.
What I've done is I've set up
a very simple project here.
You can see I've got an
index file with a single HTML
import in there that's
pulling in elements.html.
Inside that file, I've got
a few more HTML imports,
where I'm loading in these
two elements, x-foo and x-bar.
And looking at
their definitions,
these are just really vanilla,
kind of boilerplate Polymer
elements.
But they're going to
help us demonstrate
how we're going to bundle
all of this stuff together.
So what I want to do is
take that elements.html file
and just sort of crunch it down
as small as I possibly can.
Over at my terminal, I'm going
to run the vulcanize command.
And I'm going to point it at
app/elements/elements.html.
And when I run this just
from the command line,
it's actually going to
walk that tree of imports,
take all those files,
concatenate them together,
and just return the
output to standard out.
So that's kind of useful
if we were going to, like,
pipe this to some other command.
But what I'd really like
to do is write this out
to a file in my Dist directory.
So to do that, I'll
run Vulcanize again.
First I'll make a
directory, actually,
to hold my distribution.
Then I'll run Vulcanize.
And I'm going to vulcanize
that elements.html file.
And then I'll just use
the little arrow symbol
to write the output to a
file in my Dist directory,
which I'll just call
elements.html as well.
Now, if you don't want to use
the arrow key or whatever,
if you want to use the options
like command-line flags
and things like that, you could
also just use the -0 option.
It basically does
the exact same thing.
And so we'll write out to this
file, elements.vulcanize.html.
Now, there's a lot
more options that we
can pass beyond just output.
We could also tell
Vulcanize that we
want it to inline any external
scripts that our elements
depend on, or pull in any of
their external style sheets,
or strip out all
of their comments.
All of these are available
as command-line flags,
so you can really customize
the bundle that you're
building with Vulcanize.
And honestly, I would recommend
using all three of these flags
just because it's going to
crunch that file down as small
as it possibly can be.
So now that I've run that,
I can go back to my editor,
and I can look in
the Dist directory.
If we check out that
elements.html file,
you'll see that now it's
a bunch of stuff chucked
inside of here.
We've got Polymer all up at the
top, all the JavaScript for it,
and any HTML that
it depends upon.
If we keep scrolling, we go
all the way down to the bottom,
we'll actually see x-foo
and x-bar, those elements
from our little sample project.
They're crunched
into this as well.
All their HTML, all
their JavaScript is here.
So this application, which maybe
was making before four or five
HTTP requests to boot
up, should now only
be making one HTTP request
for this single file.
This is a really
great start, but it's
kind of a bummer to have to run
this command from the command
line every single
time you want to build
and mess around with
your application.
It'd be nicer to integrate
it as part of a build step
using a tool like Gulp.
So to do that, I'm going to
go back to my command line,
and I'm just going
to run npm install.
I'm going to save it
to my dev dependencies.
And I'm going to pull down
gulp and gulp-vulcanize.
And since this is
npm, now we wait.
[CLOCK TICKING]
[SNORING]
[CUCKOO CLOCK CHIMES]
Now we've got those
dependencies installed,
we can go set up a Gulp file.
So I'm going to go
ahead and require Gulp.
I'm going to require
Gulp Vulcanize.
And I'm just going to write
out a really simple Gulp
task for our Vulcanize process.
We'll tell it to pull
in elements.html.
We'll pipe that to Vulcanize.
And then we'll pipe that
to our Dist directory.
I'm also going to write
a default task, which is
going to run Vulcanize for us.
And this is starting to shape up
to be a pretty nice boilerplate
for, like, a little
Polymer project
that we could launch
into production.
If I go to my
terminal, I run Gulp.
It's going to go
out, it's going to do
that build process for me,
right, which is pretty cool.
And there's a little bit
more that I can do here.
I showed you those
command-line flags before
for inlining scripts
and stripping comments.
We can add that to our
Vulcanize task as well.
We just pass it an Options
object with those same options.
But this time,
they're camel-cased.
And I'm also going to
add a Copy task here,
so I can copy over my Index file
and my Web Components polyfills
to my Dist directory.
And now when I run
Gulp, I basically
set up everything I need for
a production Polymer site.
I can run a little server
from that Dist directory.
You can see here are
my elements showing up.
I've also got my Web
Components polyfills loaded.
So if you want, you
can even use that Gulp
file as a starting point
the next time you want
to mess around with Polymer.
The main thing to
take away from this,
though, is if you're launching
Polymer in production,
you should always,
always, always make sure
that you run Vulcanize
before you do so.
It's going to
dramatically improve
the performance of
your application
by cutting down HTTP request.
And ultimately,
it's just something
that everyone should be
doing in their Polymer app.
Now, I want to cover
tools like Vulcanize
and a few of its friends
in some future episodes.
If you have any questions
on this episode,
you can leave me some comments
down below or maybe consider
clicking that Like button if
you've enjoyed the episode.
Also, if you want to ping us on
a social network like Twitter
or G+, you can hit
us up at #AskPolymer.
As always, thank you
so much for watching,
and I'll see you next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]